== Company Summary ==
Legend Mining Inc. is a Mining company located in 1300 Kelly Lake Rd #1, SUDBURY.

Legend Mining | Mining Contractors | 705.885.3801 Northern Ontario's Premier Mining Contractors CONTACT US NOW! 365 days of Zero Harm WELCOME TO LEGEND MINING ABOUT US Legend Mining Contracting is a Sudbury based mining contracting company with a focus on Quality. We meticulously plan our jobs and the safety requirements of the job, work the plan and audit the work completed to continuously improve our capabilities. We believe that our employees are our most valuable asset and are the driving force behind our success. We are comprised of an experienced group of senior executives, project managers, contract miners and skilled tradespeople with expertise in underground and surface construction, mine rehabilitation and development mining. LEARN MORE WHAT WE'RE GOOD AT OUR CORE SERVICES From our front office of skilled and experienced executives and project managers to our highly trained contract miners and in-demand skilled tradespeople, our top priority is delivering expert services to our clients on-time, above expectations, and most importantly – in the safest way possible. MINE VENTILATION INFRASTRUCTURE Working across Canada and around the world, Legend Mining has been digging, tunneling, and developing projects in areas around the Sudbury Basin.. Learn More UNDERGROUND CONSTRUCTION At Legend, our team brings top-level experience to ensure we achieve solution-oriented results on every aspect of your underground mining construction.. Learn More MINE REHABILITATION If your mine is in care and maintenance. If your mine is in need of extensive work before coming back online, let our experts at Legend get your site up to code.. Learn More OUR COMMITMENT TO HEALTH & SAFETY At Legend Mining Contracting, integrity is a core value in everything we do. When we state people are our greatest asset, we understand that as an organization, we demonstrate that value by taking care of our people. We believe the best way to demonstrate integrity and values is to ensure our team goes home safe every day. Legend Mining Contracting has learned that safety must be intimately integrated into every department, as it cannot sit outside of project administration or execution. Our safety team includes all aspects of our business, from owners to general managers, site managers, safety managers, coordinators, and crews. Every project begins and ends with an integrated safety culture facilitating Legend Mining’s Contracting commitment to our team and our clients. Visit our latest news BLOG The Future of Mining Contracting: Trends and Predictions for the Next Decade The mining industry is during a transformative era, driven by advancements in technology, evolving market demands, and increasing emphasis on sustainability. As we look towards Read More December 29, 2024 Behind the Scenes: How We Plan and Execute a Successful Mining Project Mining is a complex, multifaceted endeavor that requires meticulous planning, coordination, and execution. At Legend Mining, our success hinges on a well-orchestrated approach that blends Read More November 29, 2024 Safety First: How Legend Mining’s Safety Culture Sets Us Apart In the demanding world of mining, safety isn’t just a policy—it’s a culture. At Legend Mining, our commitment to safety transcends mere compliance; it’s woven Read More October 29, 2024 Send Us A Text Email Us 705.806.2215 If you’re too busy to chat now, please enter your cell # and message below and we will text you back as soon as possible. × ×About Us - Legend Mining | Mining Contractors | 705.885.3801 WHO WE ARE Legend Mining is a Sudbury based mining contracting company founded in 2016. In that short time, we have built a reputation as a highly motivated and skilled group eager to take on challenges and build a solid reputation. Our accomplishments include mining construction, rehabilitation, mine development, production mining and surface infrastructure remediation including dams. We care about our clients and our team and we are keenly aware that our reputation is our work. Our team is comprised of industry experts to ensure a strong core knowledge in any project and we embrace new challenges with direction using project and work management principals, asset management strategies as well as execution and completion integrity. Discover the strength of synergy with the Patrick Group of Companies. Explore our diversified businesses committed to delivering quality and driving progress. Click below to uncover the collective impact of our ventures. The Patrick Group Of Companies VISION AND MISSION Legend Mining is committed to providing a safe productive work environment, for our employees, clients, and surrounding communities. We focus on delivering quality work, on time, and on budget by applying proven and innovative approaches and working with our clients to ensure their needs and expectations are achieved. CORE VALUES Legend Mining’s core values come from our collective passion to succeed in a competitive environment. We know we need to perform safely and that our work will require the highest quality to build lasting relationships in this industry. Our team understands the importance of integrity and transparency. We believe building that kind of team requires strong communication systems, engagement, the real opportunity for growth and advancement as well as inclusion in the journey. We know our clients recognize this culture and understand its value. Send Us A Text Email Us 705.806.2215 If you’re too busy to chat now, please enter your cell # and message below and we will text you back as soon as possible. ×About Us - Legend Mining | Mining Contractors | 705.885.3801 WHO WE ARE Legend Mining is a Sudbury based mining contracting company founded in 2016. In that short time, we have built a reputation as a highly motivated and skilled group eager to take on challenges and build a solid reputation. Our accomplishments include mining construction, rehabilitation, mine development, production mining and surface infrastructure remediation including dams. We care about our clients and our team and we are keenly aware that our reputation is our work. Our team is comprised of industry experts to ensure a strong core knowledge in any project and we embrace new challenges with direction using project and work management principals, asset management strategies as well as execution and completion integrity. Discover the strength of synergy with the Patrick Group of Companies. Explore our diversified businesses committed to delivering quality and driving progress. Click below to uncover the collective impact of our ventures. The Patrick Group Of Companies VISION AND MISSION Legend Mining is committed to providing a safe productive work environment, for our employees, clients, and surrounding communities. We focus on delivering quality work, on time, and on budget by applying proven and innovative approaches and working with our clients to ensure their needs and expectations are achieved. CORE VALUES Legend Mining’s core values come from our collective passion to succeed in a competitive environment. We know we need to perform safely and that our work will require the highest quality to build lasting relationships in this industry. Our team understands the importance of integrity and transparency. We believe building that kind of team requires strong communication systems, engagement, the real opportunity for growth and advancement as well as inclusion in the journey. We know our clients recognize this culture and understand its value. Send Us A Text Email Us 705.806.2215 If you’re too busy to chat now, please enter your cell # and message below and we will text you back as soon as possible. ×